Are you crazy?
If I hadn't reacted quickly just now
You were pierced by my contempt
What are you doing?
I'm afraid you'll get hurt
Is the wound on your face okay?
It doesn't matter, it's better to go back and deal with it.
It's not good to leave a scar on such a beautiful face
Ah, beauty hurts
What am I talking about at this moment?
Who is he to you?
Should be an enemy
Like I said, you're not worth it to me
I also said
Whether it's worth it or not is up to me
But what about this guy?
Is he still alive?
How do you deal with it?
He shouldn't have come alone
It is not advisable to stay here long
Okay?
Cool at night put on
Damn
A good body is easy to be imagined
What's wrong? I'm being fooled.
What? My legs are numb.
One in 20 years
The handsome face that can make thousands of girls scream
With such a good figure
Who can stand me
How long are you going to crawl on me?
Ah, let's go.
Rong Zhongnan, I have something to ask you.
What's the matter, how can you have such a murderous enemy?
And you don't sleep in the middle of the night
What are you doing up the mountain?
It's getting cliché.
Ah!
When I went up the mountain the other day
I met a herd of wild boars besieging me
I flew with the power of nine bulls and two tigers
Finally, these wild boars
Introduced and killed in a trap
And then moved the pork into the cave
Originally
I want to give some to Grandma Xia and the others.
Are they special?
I didn't mean to not give it to you.
I didn't tell you about this.
Sorry.
You don't have to apologize to me.
We're not a real couple
What you do is your freedom
What if we were a real couple?